README.md, before:

# `syrup_backend`

This is a prototype implementation of the backend of the `syrup` tool
  chain presented in

> "Synthesis of Super-Optimized Smart Contracts using Max-SMT", CAV
> 2020, [Elvira Albert](https://costa.fdi.ucm.es/~elvira/), [Pablo
> Gordillo](https://costa.fdi.ucm.es/~pabgordi/), [Albert
> Rubio](https://costa.fdi.ucm.es/~arubio/), and [Maria A
> Schett](http://maria-a-schett.net/)

The tool takes as input a Stack Functional Specification (SFS)
describing the source and target stack of the Ethereum Virtual Machine
(EVM) and, if successful, produces synthesized and optimized EVM
bytecode to transform the source into the target stack by encoding the
problem into Max-SMT.

## Examples

In [`examples/add/input.json`](examples/add/input.json) is the SFS for
* source_stack: `[x_0, x_1, x_2, x3]`
* target_stack: `[x_0 + x1, x2 + x3]`

For this SFS `syrup_backend` produces the EVM bytecode:

```ADD SWAP2 ADD SWAP1.```

In [`examples/cav2020/input.json`](examples/cav2020/input.json) is the SFS for
* source_stack: `[]`
* target_stack: `[]`

For this SFS `syrup_backend` produces the EVM bytecode:

```.```

## Install & Run

The easiest way to install `syrup_backend` is using
[opam](https://opam.ocaml.org/).  Simply run `opam install .` after
cloning the repository. Then `syrup-backend -help` will provide help.

Max-SMT solvers supported by `syrup_backend` are
* [Z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3), version4.8.7
* [Barcelogic](https://www.cs.upc.edu/~oliveras/bclt-main.html)
* [OptiMathSat](http://optimathsat.disi.unitn.it/), version 1.6.3

For each of these solvers, `syrup_backend` can `-write-only` an SMT
encoding. When given a `-path` to the executable of the respective
solver, `syrup_backend` calls the solver directly.

Commit message:

Add running example of paper

README.md, after:

# `syrup_backend`

This is a prototype implementation of the backend of the `syrup` tool
  chain presented in

> "Synthesis of Super-Optimized Smart Contracts using Max-SMT", CAV
> 2020, [Elvira Albert](https://costa.fdi.ucm.es/~elvira/), [Pablo
> Gordillo](https://costa.fdi.ucm.es/~pabgordi/), [Albert
> Rubio](https://costa.fdi.ucm.es/~arubio/), and [Maria A
> Schett](http://maria-a-schett.net/)

The tool takes as input a Stack Functional Specification (SFS)
describing the source and target stack of the Ethereum Virtual Machine
(EVM) and, if successful, produces synthesized and optimized EVM
bytecode to transform the source into the target stack by encoding the
problem into Max-SMT.

## Examples

In [`examples/add/input.json`](examples/add/input.json) is the SFS for
* source_stack: `[x_0, x_1, x_2, x3]`
* target_stack: `[x_0 + x1, x2 + x3]`

For this SFS `syrup_backend` produces the EVM bytecode:

```ADD SWAP2 ADD SWAP1.```

In the running example of CAV 2020 we take a block

```PUSH 0 DUP1 PUSH 0 DUP6 DUP8 ADD SWAP2 POP DUP4 DUP6 ADD SWAP1 POP DUP1 DUP3 EXP SWAP3 POP POP POP SWAP5 SWAP4 POP POP POP POP.```

from the `Solidity`
file in
[`examples/cav2020/running-example.sol`](examples/cav2020/running-example.sol)
compiled to the bytecode
[`examples/cav2020/running-example.evm`](examples/cav2020/running-example.evm).

In [`examples/cav2020/input.json`](examples/cav2020/input.json) is the
SFS generated from the bytecode with a current cost of 126. For this
SFS `syrup_backend` produces the EVM bytecode reducing the cost to 72:

```ADD SWAP2 ADD EXP SWAP1```

## Install & Run

The easiest way to install `syrup_backend` is using
[opam](https://opam.ocaml.org/).  Simply run `opam install .` after
cloning the repository. Then `syrup-backend -help` will provide help.

Max-SMT solvers supported by `syrup_backend` are
* [Z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3), version4.8.7
* [Barcelogic](https://www.cs.upc.edu/~oliveras/bclt-main.html)
* [OptiMathSat](http://optimathsat.disi.unitn.it/), version 1.6.3

For each of these solvers, `syrup_backend` can `-write-only` an SMT
encoding. When given a `-path` to the executable of the respective
solver, `syrup_backend` calls the solver directly.
